added prerequisites to readme :) (#5)
ericmatte/HomeAutomation: appdaemon/README.md

This appdaemon app allows rgb lights to be synced with the thumbnail of a media player in Home Assistant.

> # Prerequsites

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
# Prerequisites
```

Reviewer: Also I would like this whole section to be under `# Configuration` with heading-2 (`## Prerequisites`).

- python pillow

> To install Python Pillow Package, please install either the way described below.If you are running Hassio Addon you must add those package manually in the AppDaemon-Config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the Python Pillow Package, please install either the way described below.
If you are running Hass.io addon, you must add those packages manually in the `AppDaemon-Config`:
```

eg:

```
system_packages:
  - gcc 
  - libgcc 
  - musl-dev 
  - jpeg-dev 
  - zlib-dev
  - libjpeg
  - tiff
  - gcc
  - python3-dev
  - musl-dev
python_packages:
  - Pillow
init_commands: []
disable_auto_token: true

> log_level: info

Reviewer: There is no closing section markers: ```
